docs: update Ably JS in Chrome extension (#1743)
ably/ably-js: README.md

- ["Unable to parse request body" error when publishing large messages from old versions of Internet Explorer](https://support.ably.com/solution/articles/3000062360-ably-js-unable-to-parse-request-body-error-when-publishing-large-messages-from-old-browsers).

#### Chrome Extensions

> Ably supports Chrome extensions out-of-the-box since v2. However, extension service workers get improved support for

Author: Probably we need to rephrase that it's only if you use Ably in extension's service worker (any suggestions how to rewrite will be very welcome)

> Ably supports Chrome extensions out-of-the-box since v2. However, extension service workers get improved support for

Reviewer: It's ambiguous whether you're talking about ably-js v2 or manifest v2, moreover we should mention that it works because you can load ably-js in background scripts.
```suggestion
ably-js works out-of-the-box in background scripts for Chrome extensions using manifest v2. However, extension service workers get improved support for
```

Moreover,

> Ably supports Chrome extensions out-of-the-box since v2. However, extension service workers get improved support for
> WebSockets only starting with Chrome 116. Therefore, it is necessary to ensure that the extension runs only on Chrome
> versions supporting WebSockets in service workers by setting the minimum Chrome version to 116 in the manifest:

Reviewer: A few things I think we needed to change here:
- make it clear that the reason for this advice is that manifest v3 only supports service workers, not background scripts
- make it clear that this advice only affect realtime clients, not rest clients
- explain what the caveats are if you run a realtime client in a service worker in older versions of chrome
```suggestion
Ably supports Chrome extensions out-of-the-box since v2. However, since manifest v3 background pages are no longer supported so you will need to run ably-js inside a service worker. 
If you are using an ably-js realtime client in a service worker, note that in version of Chrome before 116 active WebSockets would not reset the 30s service worker idle timer which would result in the client being closed prematurely, however in versions 116 and above, service workers will stay active as long as a client is connected.
You can ensure that your extension only runs in versions 116 and above by adding the following to your `manifest.json`:
```

> If you are using an ably-js realtime client in a service worker, note that in version of Chrome before 116 active WebSockets would not reset the 30s service worker idle timer which would result in the client being closed prematurely, however in versions 116 and above, service workers will stay active as long as a client is connected.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are using an ably-js realtime client in a service worker, note that in versions of Chrome before 116, active WebSockets would not reset the 30s service worker idle timer, resulting in the client being closed prematurely, however, in versions 116 and above, service workers will stay active as long as a client is connected.
```
